the first thing that you should prioritize is, uh, house that you're gonna
be living in. Um, one of the major questions that people have you
know, especially if they have a family, is, um is gonna be big enough.
I have some kids, so you might be stationed in a larger place
or even a smaller place. Um, rather than the than the base. So you might
wanna talk to whatever you need to talk to, to determine, like,
how big your house is gonna be, What it has all the tools that you're
that you're looking for. And then if it's not, then how do you How
do you go about like, changing that living situation? Also the community.
So I think back in Japan, um, Japan is really, really safe.
Eso people who tend toe actually want to live off base so that they
could be involved in, like, a local stores and and meeting other people
rather than on base, which was kind of like far away from from everything,
um, maybe they want to go to a different school as well.
So just keep those things in mind where your kids gonna be going to
school and if it's big enough and those should be the two main things